SwiftUI Entry: Scrollview (#1290)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/scrollview/scrollview.md

---
Title: 'ScrollView'
Description: 'Scrollable view within the scrollable content region.'
Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'ScrollView'
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

The **`ScrollView`** display the content within the scrollable content region. Based on platform appropriate scroll gestures, or how the code works, the view can scroll vertically, horizontally or both.

## Syntax

```pseudo
var body: some View {
    ScrollView(.vertical) {
        Subviews here
    }
}
```

```pseudo
var body: some View {
    ScrollView(.horizontal) {
        Subviews here
    }
}

> ```

Reviewer: Can we combine these? Instead of the specific `.vertical`/`.horizontal`, let's use "modifiers here"

Author: Will do!

The `ScrollView` view rests within the body of a `View`.

## Example

> In this example, a `ScrollView`, that will scroll horizontally, contains a `LazyHStack` that consists of columns stacked next to each other in the view:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `ScrollView` scrolls horizontally and contains a `LazyHStack` that consists of columns stacked next to each other in the view:
```

Reviewer: Can we also link the lazy HStack entry? link: https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui/views/lazyHStack

```swift
var body: some View {
    ScrollView(.horizontal) {
        LazyHStack {
            ForEach(1...100, id: \.self) {
                Text("Column \($0)")
            }
        }
    }
}
```

- `ScrollView()` displays the content within the scrollable region and adjusts what portion of the content is visible. Here, the axis is set to `.horizontal`, which allows for horizontal scrolling. `ScrollView()` natively will scroll vertically and the brackets can be omitted.

This will display the following:

> ![ScrollView](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/lazyHStack-gif.gif)

Reviewer: Did you mean to use the image you added in this PR? I think we need to figure out what we want as the example and then fix the code snippet above. Let's discuss! @cilippofilia

Author: Should I create a vertical stack that shows two different scroll views, one vertical and one horizontal. Then create a gif that shows both in action?

---
Title: 'ScrollView'
Description: 'Scrollable view within the scrollable content region.'
Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'ScrollView'
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

The **`ScrollView`** display the content within the scrollable content region. Based on platform appropriate scroll gestures, or how the code works, the view can scroll vertically, horizontally or both.

## Syntax

```pseudo
var body: some View {
    ScrollView(.horizontal) {
        Subviews here
    }
}
```

> The `ScrollView` view rests within the body of a `View`.
> `ScrollView` can accept two parameters, `.vertical` which is usually the standard if not specified, and `.horizontal` which makes the view scroll horizontally. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ScrollView` view rests within the body of a `View`. It can accept two parameters:

- `.vertical` which is usually the standard if not specified.
- `.horizontal` which makes the view scroll horizontally. 
```

## Example

In the example below, the `ScrollView` scrolls horizontally and contains a `LazyHStack` that consists of columns stacked next to each other in the view:

```swift
var body: some View {
    VStack(spacing: 30) {
        Text("Vertical ScrollView")
            .font(.caption)

>         ScrollView(.vertical) {

Reviewer: Let's make two examples (or just one). You can make the first example for vertical scroll, and the second one can show horizontal scroll.

Also, let's do 0...5 instead of 50.

            LazyVStack {
                ForEach(0 ... 50, id: \.self) {
                    Text("Row \($0)")
                }
            }
        }

        Text("Horizontal ScrollView")
            .font(.caption)

        ScrollView(.horizontal) {
            LazyHStack {
                ForEach(0 ... 50, id: \.self) {
                    Text("Row \($0)")
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> `ScrollView()` displays the content within the scrollable region and adjusts what portion of the content is visible. Here, the axis is set to `.horizontal`, which allows for horizontal scrolling. `ScrollView()` natively will scroll vertically and the paramenter inside the brackets can be omitted.

Reviewer: Good explanation. Let's re-work these to match the simplified example or if you'd decide that two examples are better, to split the explanations to the respective example.

> - `ScrollView()` displays the content within the scrollable region and adjusts what portion of the content is visible. Here, the axis is set to `.horizontal`, which allows for horizontal scrolling. `ScrollView()` natively will scroll vertically and the paramenter inside the brackets can be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ScrollView()` displays the content within the scrollable region and adjusts what portion of the content is visible. Here, the axis is set to `.horizontal`, which allows for horizontal scrolling. `ScrollView()` natively will scroll vertically and the paramenter inside the brackets can be omitted.
```

This will display the following:

> ![ScrollView](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/scrollviews.gif)

Reviewer: You can name the new example image(s) `swiftui-scrollview-vertical.gif`/`swiftui-scrollview-hotizontal.gif`
